# History-Hotspot
The following is a website that was originally developed for a history instructor. This site was developed with the intent of it serving as an alternative means of distributing class-relevant information in the event that BlackBoard (the primary course management software used by the instructor) were to experience technical difficulties. A secondary functionality the site was intended to fulfill, once completed, was a means of distributing content that qualifies as cultural enrichment material, relevant to current events, or information regarding past cultures around the world. The primary functionalities intended to be added to the site to fulfill this purpose was a means of implementing image galleries and a means of easily adding article pages.

A major aspect regarding the design of the website that was emphasized was the need for the website to remain relatively utilitarian in its design so as to remain clear and simple for users with below standard levels of experience using computers. As a result of this design specification, the website has an intentionally simplistic aspect to its visual properties. Certain features may eventually be added onto the site that clearly deviate from this specification, however these will either have an easily accessible means of toggling them or be specific to certain non-critical pages intended to showcase these features.

Unfortunately, as of 1//18/2016, the project has been consigned to oblivion by the original recipiant, so its contents have been repurposed to serve as grounds for demonstrating the implementation of various web development languages and concepts.

The content within this Github project may be referenced for the sake of educational purposes only. I do not grant permission for any content contained within this project, in part or in full, to be used for commercial purposes. I retain all rights to the material contained within the project.
